# Evaluation of Smart Grids (scripts)

This repository holds the python algorithm used to create the SHARPE scripts that solve the quantitative evaluation of fault tree generated by the methodology explained in the paper "Methodology for dependability evaluation of Smart Grids".

## Getting Started

These instructions will get you a copy of the project up and run on your local machine for testing purposes.

### Prerequisites

* Windows OS
* [SHARPE Tool](https://sharpe.pratt.duke.edu/)
* Python 2.X

### Installing SHARPE and choosing the approach

Firstly, you need to get SHARPE Tool and make a copy of this folder in your C: disk.

There are two ways to reproduce the results of the evaluation method for the Smart Grids:

1. Use the python algorithm and see the results in Windows Command Prompt.
2. Use the scripts generated by the algorithm directly in SHARPE Tool.

## Running the tests

If you chose the first approach, clone this repository executing the following command:

```bash
git clone https://github.com/gisliany/lii-system-ft.git App
```

Go inside the folder `App` and run the `inputs.py` file:

```bash
cd App
python inputs.py
```

The SHARPE script generated and used will appear in your command prompt and the results of the evaluation too. The failure condition in `inputs.py` is using the k-out-of-n gate. More precisely, the failure condition is 1-out-of-5.

If you chose the second approach, download the `scripts` folder in this repository and execute the following commands:

```bash
cd scripts
C:\Sharpe-Gui\sharpe\sharpe.exe kofn_1oo5.txt
```

The second command will call SHARPE in batch mode passing the `kofn_1oo5.txt` file. This tool will execute the commands inside the `kofn_1oo5.txt` file and it'll show the same values as the first approach.
